Audit, usage, and user data can answer some of the most important questions about Microsoft 365
and Copilot adoption. But getting that data repeatedly is where the friction starts.
The portals are great for interactive review. But when you need repeatable exports for dashboards
and analysis, manual steps add up fast. And scripted exports bring their
own setup work. Dates. Paths. Auth options. Switches. Output folders.
Permissions. Command syntax. That setup should not be the hardest part of getting
to insight. That is why PAX exists. PAX gives teams a
powerful PowerShell engine for audit and user data exports, without forcing every team to piece together
export logic from scratch. PAX brings the engine. But someone still
has to build the right command. That is where PAX Cookbook Mini-Kitchen comes in.
Mini-Kitchen is a guided browser-only command builder for PAX. It helps you choose the
right recipe, review the options, and create a copy-ready command. Start with a dashboard
recipe. For example, the AI-in-One dashboard preset gives you a practical starting
point for a real reporting workflow. From there, Mini-Kitchen guides the command
setup step-by-step. Choose the scenario. Set the date range.
Review the script and output locations. Choose the authentication approach.
Then check the generated command before you use it. Mini-Kitchen is not running the export.
It is not connecting to your tenant. And it is not collecting credentials or secrets.
It is helping you build the command so you can review it, copy it, and run PAX yourself.
Users still need the right permissions when they run PAX, just like any tenant data export.
When the command is ready, the recipe does not have to be a one-time setup. Mini-Kitchen can save
recipes in your browser. You can export a portable .paxlite file. And
you can import that file later to reuse or share the recipe setup. That makes repeatable
export workflows easier to rebuild, review, and standardize. And when you need scheduling,
automation, run history, and managed local workflows, those recipes can grow into the full PAX Cookbook
app. PAX Cookbook Mini-Kitchen. A guided path from the data you need to
the PAX command you can run. Browser-only. Free and open source.
Published through Microsoft on GitHub. Start at PAXcookbook.com/Mini-Kitchen.